README.md, before:

# litetorch

## How to Implement A NN Framework From Scratch

I implemented a simple neural network framework from scratch using Python.
1. Implemented a `Tensor` class to represent multi-dimensional arrays.
2. Implemented a `Module` class to be the base class for all neural network modules.
3. Implemented a `Linear` class inherit from `Module` to represent a fully connected layer.
5. Implemented an `Optimizer` class inherit from `Module` to represent the optimizer.
4. Implemented a `Loss` class inherit from `Module` to represent the loss function.

For each class, I followed TDD (Test Driven Development) to implement the class. I wrote the test cases first and then implemented the class to pass the test cases.


### Project Structure

#### Core module

The whole calculation is base on the `Tensor` class, which is a multi-dimensional array. The `Tensor` class has the following attributes:
- `data`: the actual data of the tensor
- `grad`: the gradient of the tensor
- `auto_grad`: a boolean value indicating whether to calculate the gradient or not
- `shape`: the shape of the tensor
- `_backward`: a function that calculates the gradient of the tensor
- `_op`: the operation that generated the tensor
- `_prev`: the previous tensors that generated the tensor

The `Tensor` class has the following methods:
- `__mulmat__`: the matrix multiplication of two tensors
- `__add__`: the addition of two tensors
- `__sub__`: the subtraction of two tensors

After any operation,
1. The `Tensor` class will create a new tensor with the result of the operation.
2. Record the self and the other tensor in the `_prev` attribute of the new tensor.
3. The `_op` attribute of the new tensor will be set to the operation that generated the tensor.

#### Optimizer module
The `Optimizer` class is used to update the parameters of the model. It has the following methods:
- `step`: update the parameters of the model
- `zero_grad`: set the gradient of the parameters to zero

#### Loss module
The `Loss` class is used to calculate the loss of the model. It has the following methods:
- `forward`: calculate the loss of the model
- `backward`: calculate the gradient of the loss with respect to the parameters of the model

#### Model module
The `Model` class is used to define the model. It has the following methods:
- `forward`: define the forward pass of the model
- `backward`: define the backward pass of the model
- `parameters`: return the parameters of the model
- `zero_grad`: set the gradient of the parameters to zero

Commit message:

docs: Update the project background

README.md, after:

# litetorch

This project is just for learning purpose and to practice designing a neural network framework from scratch. (and for fun)

The goal is to understand the inner workings of a neural network framework and try to learn how to design the interfaces and the architecture with SOLID principles in mind.

Oh and also will be used to do other 42 master branches projects.🐒

## How to Implement A NN Framework From Scratch

I implemented a simple neural network framework from scratch using Python.
1. Implemented a `Tensor` class to represent multi-dimensional arrays.
2. Implemented a `Module` class to be the base class for all neural network modules.
3. Implemented a `Linear` class inherit from `Module` to represent a fully connected layer.
5. Implemented an `Optimizer` class inherit from `Module` to represent the optimizer.
4. Implemented a `Loss` class inherit from `Module` to represent the loss function.

For each class, I followed TDD (Test Driven Development) to implement the class. I wrote the test cases first and then implemented the class to pass the test cases.


### Project Structure

#### Core module

The whole calculation is base on the `Tensor` class, which is a multi-dimensional array. The `Tensor` class has the following attributes:
- `data`: the actual data of the tensor
- `grad`: the gradient of the tensor
- `auto_grad`: a boolean value indicating whether to calculate the gradient or not
- `shape`: the shape of the tensor
- `_backward`: a function that calculates the gradient of the tensor
- `_op`: the operation that generated the tensor
- `_prev`: the previous tensors that generated the tensor

The `Tensor` class has the following methods:
- `__mulmat__`: the matrix multiplication of two tensors
- `__add__`: the addition of two tensors
- `__sub__`: the subtraction of two tensors

After any operation,
1. The `Tensor` class will create a new tensor with the result of the operation.
2. Record the self and the other tensor in the `_prev` attribute of the new tensor.
3. The `_op` attribute of the new tensor will be set to the operation that generated the tensor.

#### Optimizer module
The `Optimizer` class is used to update the parameters of the model. It has the following methods:
- `step`: update the parameters of the model
- `zero_grad`: set the gradient of the parameters to zero

#### Loss module
The `Loss` class is used to calculate the loss of the model. It has the following methods:
- `forward`: calculate the loss of the model
- `backward`: calculate the gradient of the loss with respect to the parameters of the model

#### Model module
The `Model` class is used to define the model. It has the following methods:
- `forward`: define the forward pass of the model
- `backward`: define the backward pass of the model
- `parameters`: return the parameters of the model
- `zero_grad`: set the gradient of the parameters to zero
